@0-0
To begin your adventure enter your name!

@0-0
Crash! the leaves around you rustle as you sit up
You observe your surroundings, a vast jungle, with a river flowing through it
Your stomach rumbles and you feel the dryness of your mouth
You don't know how long it has been since you last had a meal
Option 1: Go towards the river (1) ; Search for food (2) 

@1-1
You make your way to the river bank
The water flows past your feet, with a powerful current
Option 2: Venture in the river to wash and get water (1) ; Continue along the bank waiting for a pond (2)
@1-2
You stand up and face the forest in front of you
out of the corner of your eye you stop something move
Option 3: Chase the movement (1) ; Keep walking through the forest (2)

@2-1
As you wade through the river you begin to feel somethind graze your foot
You bend down and notce A Stone Dagger
Stone Dagger is added to your Inventory! (ADD DAGGER)
You bend down and you take a drink of water
For now, your thrist is quenched; (ADD WATER)
Option 4: Cross the river (1) ; Walk along the river (2)
@2-2
As you keep walking you run into a fork in the river
Left takes you to the flatlands with wheat.
Right takes to a canyon with herds of sheep. 
Option 5: follow the fork left to the flatlands (1); follow the fork right to the canyon (2)

@3-1
You turn and follow the motion
something furry and brown runs through the underbrush 
As you run suddenly you feel exhausted (LOSE WATER) 
you have not drinking any water and dehydration gets the best of you
The animals escapes and you find yourself in a grove of trees
Option 6: Climb the tree to find fruit (1) ; walk back to find water (2)
@3-2 
As you walk into the forest you come across a crawling green vine 
it has purple palm sized fruits dangling from its stem 
you dont recognize the fruit but it is so tempting 
Option 7: pick the fruit the eat (1) ; be cautious and move on (2)

@4-1
The curent is fast and the water is deep.
You use all you strength to cross the river (LOSE FOOD)
At the other side of the river a dirt beaten trail appears
It has an interesting symbol on it, it looks a 3 leaves connected to a stem 
Option 8: follow the trail (1) ; walk around the forest (2)
@4-2
As you walk along the river it comes to a fork
Left takes you to the flatlands with wheat.
Right takes to a canyon with herds of sheep. 
Option 9: follow the fork left to the flatlands (1); follow the fork right to the canyon (2) 

@5-1 
The land flattens out onto a plain 
moss covers the floor, it feels squishy 
as you walk around birds sing and butterflies flutter 
on a lone tree stump an axe is stuck in the wood 
you pull the axe out of the wood and add it to your pack 
Axe added to Inventory! (ADD AXE)
Option 10: keep walking (1)
@5-2
The river flows into the canyon and thins into a stream 
The canyon has sheets of rocks that curve as they meet on the top.
In the river something glistens. 
Its a dagger! 
Dagger added to Inventory! (ADD DAGGER)
Option 11: keep walking (1)

@6-1
using the vines you scale the tree
at the top you find the jackpot of fruits! 
Bananas and coconuts hang from branches. 
Time to feast! (ADD FOOD)
Option 12: Stay in the tree (1) ; Climb down the tree (2)
@6-2
Finally you reach the river again! 
You drink the water eagerly and you dehydration fades (ADD WATER)
Now you are ready to move on. 
Option 13: walk up the river (1) ; return to hunt for food (2)

@7-1
its passion fruit! (ADD FOOD)
the fruit is so ripe and bursting with flavor 
now that you are full you its time to continue on your adventure
you see a dirt trail in front of you that is over grown
Option 14: follow the trail (1) ; keep exploring the forest (2)
@7-2
as you walk through the forest you come across a pond 
the pond if full of fish and plants 
on the edge of the pond you spot a turtle
as you walk toward the turtle it starts talking!
Option 15: say hi to the turtle (1) ; pet the turtle (2)

@8-1
as you walk down the trail the becomes narrower and narrower 
it winds down hills and then up hill again
as you trek along you see the plants detailed in the sign 
they brush by you legs as you continue along
Option 16: keep walking (1) ; take a break (2)
@8-2
as you walk along the outside of the forest you notice lots of fallen tree branches 
you pick some up to keep as wood for fire (ADD WOOD)
outside the forest though, you do not get any shade 
the sun sorches you skin and you become thirsty (LOSE WATER)
Option 17: keep walking (1) ; take a break (2)

@9-1
The land flattens out onto a plain 
moss covers the floor, it feels squishy 
as you walk around birds sing and butterflies flutter 
on a lone tree stump an axe is stuck in the wood 
you pull the axe out of the wood and add it to your pack 
Axe added to Inventory! (ADD AXE)
Option 18: keep walking (1)
@9-2
The river flows into the canyon and thins into a stream 
The canyon has sheets of rocks that curve as they meet on the top.
In the river something glistens. 
Its a dagger! 
Dagger added to Inventory! (ADD DAGGER)
Option 19: keep walking (1) 

@10-1 
on the flat lands you run into blueberry bushes (ADD FOOD)
as you look up to the sky you realize dusk is upon you 
the sky is now a pinkish orange and the sun is low 
you will need a axe and wood to build a fire to stay warm (LOSE AXE) (LOSE WOOD)
Option 20: settle for the night (1)
@10-2 
n/a
Option 21: 

@11-1 
continuing to follow the stream you reach a patch of woodland 
in the woodland you find sheep and rabbits 
however you can only have meat or wood
Option 22: collect meat (1) ; collect wood (2)
@11-2
n/a
Option 23:

@12-1
As you climb along the tree you find a rickety tree house 
vines have covered its door making it impossible to enter
but it seems like the perfect place to shelter from the dangers of the jungle
Option 24: use dagger to cut down vines (1) ; keep searching 
@12-2 
climbing down the tree takes immense strength and balance (LOSE FOOD)
Crack! suddenly one of the branches snaps and you are free falling 
you desperately try to grab onto one of the nearby vines 
but you miss and you fall hard on your back (LOSE HEART)
ouch! 
Option 25: keep walking (1) ; take a break (2)

@13-1
as you walk upstream you hear the roaring sound of water
just around the bend you see a waterfall rushing down the top of the mountain 
it 
Option 26: 
@13-2
Option 27: 

@14-1
Option 28: 
@14-2
Option 29: 

@15-1
Option 30: 
@15-2
Option 31: 


